Hi! I have come up with a campaign idea. It is built for the Pathfinder RPG system, with bits borrowed from a few other RPGs. The campaign begins with a base premise similar to *Wings of Fire*, in which there is a war and four random persons are taken at birth because of a prophecy that they will end the war and possibly save the world. This, however, takes place in Golarion, and the war in question is an underground war of cults in Cheliax, while the prophecy is made by the dragon god **Otilaz**. The main contenders are three cults of Asmodeus, Zon-Kuthon, and Rovagug. The Asmodeus cult is, of course, the most predominant in Cheliax, but the Rovagug cult has twice the aggression and the Zon-Kuthon cult twice the cruelty and masochism. (We really don't like any of them.) So, anyway, the heroes are adopted as infants by a secretive monastic collective and unendorsed division of the Pathfinder Society known as "the Brotherhood" and trained to be monks. I quite like monks. It is a very versatile class in Pathfinder Second Edition, and with the Free Archetype optional rule, it can still be a balanced party.  The campaign begins with the four level 0 characters (using the "Level Zero Characters" optional rule from *GM Core*) training for a few months to be prepared to face the outside world. Eventually, they reach the age of 35 (a reasonable adventuring age for goblins, humans, elves, dwarves, orcs, and most other common ancestries), level up to 1st-level monks, and leave their underground monastery to venture into the world. Guided by their sensei, they embark on a perilous quest to navigate the war-ridden Cheliax and find the cults. But when the sensei is assassinated, the party is thrown into chaos, and barely escape with their lives and a mysterious book. This book is the book which provides a hook for several adventures in the Pathfinder book *Dark Archive*, and acts as an occasional and unpredictable portal which teleports the party to their next adventure. It is at this point that the PCs meet an insane old sea captain, who appears from the mist and provides assistance, before disappearing back into the fog and leaving no trace. He will appear whenever the players need a hint, but they do not know that they know as much about this odd figure as I do. I customized one of the mid-level *Dark Archive* adventures to end with them teleporting to the First World, a strange and misty place full of Jim Carrey references. After adventures with the backstabbing fey, including the fact that the fey have found the PCs utterly fascinating and turned them into a *Truman Show*-style reality show and having to defeat the archfey producer, the heroes learn that their answer to stopping the war, the mysterious goings-on that have been happening to them, and the prophecy that caused them to have spent their entire life being trained for one moment lies in the Outer Rifts, at the end of the Outer Sphere. The party finally makes their way to the Elemental Plane of Air, the next plane in the Inner Sphere. Here I took some lore from the Pathfinder book *Rage of Elements* detailing all of the Elemental Planes and made it into the next ~3 levels of the campaign. The party must navigate through the Elemental Planes of Air, Wood, Water, Metal, Earth, and Fire until they reach the end of the Inner Sphere, an orb spanning trillions of warped kilometers and several dimensions, coated by the Elemental Plane of Fire so that it appears to resemble from the outside a massive star. Then, if they survive the Astral Plane, they must navigate the Maelstrom to Elysium, Nirvana, Heaven, and finally Axis, where they will discover an ancient, sapient temple at the top of Pharasma's spire in the center of the Boneyard which stretches downward all of the way to Hell. After navigating the seven layers of Hell and (hopefully) surviving, they must make their way through Abaddon and finally to the Outer Rifts . . . but wait . . . NO! In a sudden twist, they end up back in the Universe, but everything seems . . . *off*. Golarion is gone. The other planets in the star system, now known as the Pact Worlds, are supposedly united, and currency is universally measured in credits. Everything is very Star Trek-esque. The sea captin has christened himself "Captain Planet". Also, skittermanders exist. The PCs have arrived in Starfinder. They must instantly race against time to discover the meaning behind the Gap and Golarion's disappearance before it is too late. They realize that the cause involves Triune theirself and go to confront them, but are defeated, and as an act of mercy, Triune simply sends the party back in time to before Earthfall. At this point, we start playing Pathfinder First Edition to represent the ancient times. After being forced on their life to broker peace between the Dwarves and Orcs, still living in the Darklands at the time, the adventurers realize that they must build a machine to bring them several thousand years forwards in time, and somehow steal a certain staff off of the *Divinity* starship before the Rain of Stars. Otherwise, that staff would end up in the hands of the android who would eventually become Casandalee, the Iron Goddess, now a part of Triune, and make a significant portion of Triune's power. However, they are interrupted by dreams of barbaric and cannibalistic creatures known as gnolls, the ancestors of modern kholo. The PCs must find their way to modern-day Katapesh, where they encounter gnolls attempting to take over Golarion and feast upon the other humanoid races. However, there is a kholo uprising which attempts to convert the gnolls' culture to a more civilized, less savage society. Finally, the heroes are able to find their way onto the *Divinity* just in time for the Rain of Stars. Then it will be necessary to GTFO while being pursued by an Army of Angry Androids, but the PCs do not know how to do that, and they are running out of time. However, the sea captain advises them to go to the kholo chief, who in turn says after hearing of their situation that the quickest way into the Outer Rifts is through the nearby Cave of Eternal Sorrow. This cave leads into a deep dungeon, but nobody who has entered beyond the second level has ever returned. The Cave is rumored to house one of the dungeons which leads to the **Vault of Ten Thousand Deaths**, a continent-sized dungeon in the Rifts. The adventurers enter the labyrinth, but exit too early and end up in 1940s Earth, one of the planets targeted by Rovagug and the home of **Cthulhu**. As such, we can run a few sessions in the Call of Cthulhu system because it is funny, while the heroes are tasked with stopping Nazis from summoning Cthulhu. The adventurers must both fight and use the Elder Mythos, with the help of a suspiciously familiar sea captain with a bad fake moustache. The heroes just might find their way back into the Vault by becoming attuned to the Mythos (or just asking the sea captain). Upon exiting to the deepest Outer Rift, the heroes shall fall through essentially a black hole, to the Beyond Beyond, the Great Beyond of the Great Beyond, the tear in the yin and yang of the Void itself, the Even Darker Tapestry. There they witness the true horror of Azathoth, and after escaping very narrowly with their lives, they gain mythic abilities (using the "Mythic Characters" rule from *War of Immortals*) at unpredictable times, which they will have to learn to control. Spacetime warps itself back to the Starfinder era, where the party will find themselves wanted fugitives and must disguise themselves, hijack a starship, and find their way back to Triune to confront them again. This time, they have a chance to beat Triune, but Triune informs them about the growing power of the **Spawn of Rovagug**, including a giant magma centipede (**Xotani**, the Firebleeder), an indestructible force of nature (the **Tarrasque**, the Armageddon Engine), yet another indestructible force of nature (**Sorvuth-Ka**, Collector of Despair), a mind-controlling aerial monstrosity (**Volagnur**, the Endsinger), a towering horror of claws and eyes, surrounded by swarming insects (**Korthogaz**, Dance of Disharmony), a colossal cave worm (**Chemnosit**, the Monarch Worm of the Darklands), and an unknowable entity with a debt to the Rough Beast (literal Cthulhu). They also inform the heroes of the fact that the energies of chaos are so high that if the Spawn are not stopped, the ressurection of **Ulunat**, the Unholy First and the ultimate Spwan of Rovagug, will finally come to fruition. The PCs must hurry and warp time back to the present, where the cult of Rovagug is winning the war; Sorvuth-Ka has all but destroyed Taldor, Xotani is burning the Mwangi Expanse to the ground, Cthulhu is mainly just chilling, and the heroes have just about fucked up. Rovagug is stirring. The PCs must imprison Sorvuth-Ka, put the Tarrasque back to sleep, do something about Cthulhu, incapacitate the Firebleeder, deal with the others somehow, and penetrate the Dead Vault itself and put Rovagug, a series of complex hazards upon the hide of a stirring god, to sleep once and for all. Well, for long enough for Starfinder times to exist anyway. At this point, 15 in-game years and 20 levels have passed. Thus ends the campaign. (*And we never did find out who the hell the sea captain is. That is left open to interpretation.*)
